Operational Plugin: Metrics (#68)
ba-st/Stargate: docs/Metrics.md

# Metrics

One of the operational plugins. It's usually exercised by monitoring software.

> This plugin is disables by default and allows to configure the metrics to gather. This configuration is made via the `#operations` config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is disabled by default and allows configuring the metrics to gather. This configuration is made via the `#operations` config.
```
